And he went down to work down the pit and he looked after the ponies, the pit ponies.
Pit ponies had stables down the pit and they lived down there.
So they had very poor light.
They didn't get sunlight so they had to have their skin looked after and they generally
didn't have as healthy a life as they ought to have.
So for two weeks a year when the pit shut down for maintenance and all the miners went
away on holiday, the ponies used to go to local farms and just let, they were let free
in the good pastures to get some sun and to run around and do what they wanted to do and
get some decent grass.
This guy used to go with his ponies and look after them while they were in the fields as well.